Ah, what a son-in-law!
It was my fault before
It's my blind brother-in-law
Even if my sister divorces you
He has also been guarding the formation like a jade
Are you still remarried?
Doctor Xu, I was blind and scolded you before.
Don't take it to heart.
Sister Wen, I'm sorry.
I blamed you before
Okay, now is not the time to talk about this
I still have something to do
It's over. It's over.
I asked Lan Lan to divorce the doctor
Now let go of the peerless lineup
I'm so confused
Zhu Shao
The Dragon God has 36 innate and 538 great masters
The rest are all grandmasters
Mr. Xu, everything you want is ready
Then let's go
Follow me to level the Jiuyou Pavilion